---
layout: post
title:  "True Geek"
date:   2013-08-10
categories: personal
---

How do we know?

Are you a geek? prove it. What are all the qualities required to become a geek. I don't think there is some word called perfect geek. Not in this normal world that I know where people work hard to get jobs instead of following the passion they had for life.

From what I have heard from my surroundings, person who is good with technical aspects and has a good love towards his passion is called a geek

Geeky stuff dude!!

What are geeky?

Things that are technical are geeky?

Anything which is treated as cool thing by people?

I seriously have no idea when people say geeky.One of my friends defined geek. He said geek is the one who learns things just because he finds it cool not because he get's money or job from it.

What are qualities of a geek?

Coding?   do geeks code all the time with out care of outside world.

I think geeks are the one who can think and solve problems.

They love solving problems. They love getting in to new and exiting places of the world where they find new problems to be solved. They want to learn with passion.

Questions from people:? ? ?

Are you geeky?

Then tell us why you are geeky...

The Definition geek: 


 Julie Smith defined a geek as "a bright young man turned inward, poorly socialized, who felt so little kinship with his own planet that he routinely traveled to the ones invented by his favorite authors, who thought of that secret, dreamy place his computer took him to as cyberspace—somewhere exciting, a place more real than his own life, a land he could conquer, not a drab teenager's room in his parents' house."

Don't be a geek

I am seriously telling you.If the definition is right, don't be a geek.Be partially geek.

Eat something,Maintain your health. Health is the first and everything goes next.

I think geeks love computer.

But only after they take care about two things:

1 . Maintain health

2 . Be social with people. Even though you are not social, try to act as if you are social. But make sure that you find right team. The team which will support your work and people who love computers as you do.

By doing this, you will become powerful geek.

>    "  Be Effective,
        Become powerful,
        Make the world wonderful "   -vr1


