---
layout: post
title:  " Wait and see "
date: 2015-02-13
categories: personal
---

Sadness, happyness, anger, disperation nothing lasts forever. It's just that we tend to over rate it right when they come. I am not an expert in human psychology. My world of thoughts are limited to what happened in my life. 
Right and wrong ...
Looks pretty shitty right ?
I am thinking we all will realize it one day or the other that we are limited. We are confined to what happens to us and the world around us. We are victims of the world around us. It might sound like world is doing something very bad to us. It's not that. It's just that the perception of people around you. What runs in people's minds is puzzling. If I just had to keep understanding people, my life time won't be sufficient. But few things, I just understood. 

1. No one really gives a fuck about your sad shit.

Even though some people tell you that they really understand and listen. What's the whole point ?

Ultimately, you are the one who needs to get your shit together. No one needs a sad filmy guy.

2. Wait and see.

Lots and lots of suicides in my own fuckin college. I mean seriosly ?? I don't want to show off as though I dealt with very sad life. But .. Wait!! 

Don't rush to suicide however sad some of your bull shit goes. 
Suicide mosly occurs because your are in a really aweful condition, but just funcking live another day. What's the rush ?
Live one more day because you are worth it. You just don't know how important you are to this world at the very point when you have decided to suicide.

3. Read a lot of books.

One thing that can keep you away from thinking about the sad bs are books. Books truely help because they can keep you engaged. One more way is to talk to your friends but now a days everyone's busy with something.

There may be hell lot of things than above, but I have no clue. Probably, it's just sufficient if we know that we should wait.

